Added support for the listing_status endpoint for integration partners (#2)
easybroker/easybroker_gem: README.md

client.properties # List, search and find properties in your account
client.mls_properties # List, search and find properties in the MLS - requires MLS API Plan
client.listing_statuses # List and search the listing status for properties. Great for syncing large sets of properties. - includes MLS properties if you have the MLS Plan

> client.listing_statuses_for_integrations # List and search the listing status of pending properties to your integration. For integration partners use only

Author: What do you think about this name and description?

Reviewer: I think this would be better as
`client.integration_partners.listing_statuses`

> client.integration_partners.listing_statuses # List and search the listing status of pending properties to your integration. For integration partners use only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client.integration_partners.listing_statuses # List and search the listing status for partner properties. Requires an  integration partner api key.
```
